readme.md, before:

# Blender Character Creator v2.0 for Video Games Design Course
## Mech Master

![Maintained by LeGrande32605](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Maintained%20by&message=LeGrande32605&color=blue)
![Status](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Status&message=Work%20In%20Progress&color=yellow)
![Repo Size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/legrande32605/GameDev-Blender-Character-Creator-Mech-Masters)

### Reference Image
![Mech](./Images/Mech.PNG)


## Results of Course Videos
- Part 1: Creating the Cockpit   
[![Mech - Cockpit](./Renders/Thumb%20-%20Creating%20the%20Cockpit.png)](./Renders/Creating%20the%20Cockpit.png)
- Part 2: Creating the Body   
[![Mech - Body](./Renders/Thumb%20-%20Creating%20the%20Body.png)](./Renders/Creating%20the%20Body.png)
- Part 3: Creating the Legs   
[![Mech - Legs](./Renders/Thumb%20-%20Creating%20the%20Legs.png)](./Renders/Creating%20the%20Legs.png)
- Part 4: Creating the Weapons   
[![Mech - Legs](./Renders/Thumb%20-%20Creating%20the%20Weapons.png)](./Renders/Creating%20the%20Weapons.png)
- Part 5: Posing the Mech   
[![Mech - Posing](./Renders/Thumb%20-%20Posing%20the%20Mech.png)](./Renders/Posing%20the%20Mech.png)
- Part 6: Smooth and Flat Shading   
[![Mech - Smooth and Flat Shading](./Renders/Thumb%20-%20Smooth%20and%20Flat%20Shading.png)](./Renders/Smooth%20and%20Flat%20Shading.png)
- Part 7: Adding Materials   
[![Mech - Adding Materials](./Renders/Thumb%20-%20Adding%20Materials.png)](./Renders/Adding%20Materials.png)
- Part 8: Camera and Background   
[![Mech - Camera and Background](./Renders/Thumb%20-%20Camera%20and%20Background.png)](./Renders/Camera%20and%20Background.png)
- Part 9: Rotating Camera   
[![Mech - Rotating Camera](./Renders/Thumb%20-%20Rotating%20Camera.gif)](./Renders/Rotating%20Camera.gif)

Commit message:

Updated Readme.  Project "On Hold."  Made notes of ideas for future work

readme.md, after:

# Blender Character Creator v2.0 for Video Games Design Course
## Mech Master

![Maintained by LeGrande32605](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Maintained%20by&message=LeGrande32605&color=blue)
![Status](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Status&message=On%20Hold&color=inactive)
![Repo Size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/legrande32605/GameDev-Blender-Character-Creator-Mech-Masters)

### Reference Image
![Mech](./Images/Mech.PNG)

## Design Notes
This was a follow through of the GameDev.tv course Blender Character Creator v2.0.  For the most part it was following through the sylabus to refresh skills outlined in this course.  Little inovation was used in this project and the final design is close to the reference image taken from the first course video.

This project is not finalized and will be revisited at some point.  Ideas to work on are:
- Varity of weapons
- Varity of cockpits
- Escape pods
- Booster rockets
- Better leg design
- Overall sleeker design of components

## Results of Course Videos
- Part 1: Creating the Cockpit   
[![Mech - Cockpit](./Renders/Thumb%20-%20Creating%20the%20Cockpit.png)](./Renders/Creating%20the%20Cockpit.png)
- Part 2: Creating the Body   
[![Mech - Body](./Renders/Thumb%20-%20Creating%20the%20Body.png)](./Renders/Creating%20the%20Body.png)
- Part 3: Creating the Legs   
[![Mech - Legs](./Renders/Thumb%20-%20Creating%20the%20Legs.png)](./Renders/Creating%20the%20Legs.png)
- Part 4: Creating the Weapons   
[![Mech - Legs](./Renders/Thumb%20-%20Creating%20the%20Weapons.png)](./Renders/Creating%20the%20Weapons.png)
- Part 5: Posing the Mech   
[![Mech - Posing](./Renders/Thumb%20-%20Posing%20the%20Mech.png)](./Renders/Posing%20the%20Mech.png)
- Part 6: Smooth and Flat Shading   
[![Mech - Smooth and Flat Shading](./Renders/Thumb%20-%20Smooth%20and%20Flat%20Shading.png)](./Renders/Smooth%20and%20Flat%20Shading.png)
- Part 7: Adding Materials   
[![Mech - Adding Materials](./Renders/Thumb%20-%20Adding%20Materials.png)](./Renders/Adding%20Materials.png)
- Part 8: Camera and Background   
[![Mech - Camera and Background](./Renders/Thumb%20-%20Camera%20and%20Background.png)](./Renders/Camera%20and%20Background.png)
- Part 9: Rotating Camera   
[![Mech - Rotating Camera](./Renders/Thumb%20-%20Rotating%20Camera.gif)](./Renders/Rotating%20Camera.gif)
